----MotdManager----
motdmanager.add - Allow use add command
motdmanager.remove - Allow use remove command
motdmanager.list - Allow use list command
motdmanager.maxplayer - Allow use maxplayer command
motdmanager.reload - Allow use reload command

----NamePlates----
nameplates.version - Display NamePlates version and information
nameplates.refresh - Refresh players, colours and player list
nameplates.reload - Reload NamePlates
nameplates.help - List of plugin commands and usage

----PlugMan----
plugman.admin - Allows use of all PlugMan commands.
plugman.update - Allows the player to see the update alerts.
plugman.help - Allows use of the help command.
plugman.list - Allows use of the list command.
plugman.dump - Allows use of the dump command.
plugman.info - Allows use of the info command.
plugman.usage - Allows use of the usage command.
plugman.lookup - Allows use of the lookup command.
plugman.enable - Allows use of the enable command.
plugman.enable.all - Allows use of the enable all command.
plugman.disable - Allows use of the disable command.
plugman.disable.all - Allows use of the disable all command.
plugman.restart - Allows use of the restart command.
plugman.restart.all - Allows use of the restart all command.
plugman.load - Allows use of the load command.
plugman.reload - Allows use of the reload command.
plugman.unload - Allows use of the unload command.
plugman.check - Allows use of the check command.
plugman.check.all - Allows use of the check all command.

----MineStats----
minestats.admin - Permission to access /minestats

----AntiFire----
antifire.* - Gives access to ALL antifire features
antifire.burnentity - allows setting fire to any entity
antifire.startfire - Allows user to start a fire. Can be overridden by fireproof blocklist
antifire.logview - Allows user to view fire start log in game.
antifire.teleport - Allows user to teleport to fire start locations
antifire.fireman - Allows user to use 'extinguish' command on all worlds
antifire.admin - Allows user to query & set configs & flush logs
antifire.burnmob - No description given
antifire.burnplayer - Allows user to set fire to players with fire aspect weapons. Overrides noburnplayerby.player.
antifire.placelava - Allows user to place lava. Lava fires can be nerfed elsewhere

----GetPerms----
getperms.* - Allows player access to all GetPerms commands.
getperms.reload - Allows player to reload the GetPerms config file.
getperms.regen - Allows player to regenerate permission list files.
getperms.update - Allows player to run the update task.

----Skript----
skript.* - No description given
skript.effectcommands - Allows to use effects as commands, e.g. '!set health to 10'
skript.admin - Allows to use administrative commands and to recieve notifications of new versions.

----PerWorldChatPlus----
pwcp.bypass - Allows a player to chat globally.
pwcp.spy - Allows players to see chats from all worlds.
pwcp.notify.update - Notifies the player of an update for PerWorldChatPlus.
pwcp.alert - Allows players to set alert words and see messages with them in it.
pwcp.global - Allows use of the gc or GlobalChat command.
pwcp.timedglobal - Allows turning on and off Timed Global Chat.
pwcp.mute - Allows use of muting your own chat as to reduce spam (also useful for recording videos).
pwcp.chat.color - Allows use of changing your own default ChatColor.
pwcp.chat.color.other - Allows use of changing another player's default ChatColor.

----LaggRemover----
lr.help - Gives access to the help command.
lr.master - Gives access to the master listing of all performance data from the server.
lr.lagg - Gives access to view the Ticks Per a Second(TPS) of the server.
lr.world - View data about a certain world.
lr.clear - Allows you to clear all items on the ground or entities in a world.
lr.unload - Allows players to unload all chunks in a world.
lr.gc - Allows players to run LaggRemovers garbage collector to free RAM.
lr.update - Allows LaggRemover to notify a player when an update is downloaded.
lr.nochatdelay - Makes a player imune to the chat delay.
lr.modules - Allows you to list loaded modules.
lr.ram - Allows players to list the ram avaliable on the server.
lr.protocol - Allows players to view/manipulate protocols.

----ProtocolLib----
protocol.* - Gives access to everything.
protocol.admin - Able to initiate the update process, and can configure debug mode.
protocol.info - Can read update notifications and error reports.

----AdvancedPortals----
advancedportals.* - Gives access to all commands
advancedportals.createportal - Allows you to create portals
advancedportals.createportal.commandlevel.* - Gives access to all level raisers
advancedportals.createportal.commandlevel.op - Allows you to increase the users level temporaily to op
advancedportals.createportal.commandlevel.perms - Allows you to increase the users level temporaily to have all perms
advancedportals.createportal.commandlevel.console - Executes command in the console
advancedportals.portal - Allows use of portal commands
advancedportals.build - Allows you to build in the portal regions
advancedportals.desti - Gives access to all desti commands
advancedportals.warp.* - Access to all warps (not really used tbh)

----VotingPlugin----
VotingPlugin.Player - Allows basic access player commands
VotingPlugin.Mod - Allows mod access player commands
VotingPlugin.Admin - Allows admin access player commands
VotingPlugin.Login.RemindVotes - Allows players to get remined on login if they can vote
VotingPlugin.Admin.Debug - Permission to view debug info ingame
VotingPlugin.Signs.Create - Allows access to create signs
VotingPlugin.TopVoter.Ignore - Allows you to be exempt from top voter

----FastAsyncWorldEdit----
fawe.bypass - No description given
fawe.admin - No description given
fawe.stream - No description given
fawe.fixlighting - No description given
fawe.reload - No description given

----TreeAssist----
treeassist.destroy.* - allows to use tree-assist for all trees
treeassist.destroy.birch - allows to use tree-assist for birch trees
treeassist.destroy.jungle - allows to use tree-assist for jungle trees
treeassist.destroy.oak - allows to use tree-assist for oak trees
treeassist.destroy.spruce - allows to use tree-assist for spruce trees
treeassist.destroy.acacia - allows to use tree-assist for acacia trees
treeassist.destroy.darkoak - allows to use tree-assist for dark oak trees
treeassist.destroy.brownshroom - allows to use tree-assist for brown shrooms
treeassist.destroy.redshroom - allows to use tree-assist for red shrooms
treeassist.addtool - No description given
treeassist.purge - No description given
treeassist.reload - No description given
treeassist.removetool - No description given
treeassist.replant - No description given
treeassist.toggle - No description given
treeassist.toggle.global - No description given
treeassist.toggle.other - No description given
treeassist.tool - No description given

----Tab----
tab.use - Allow command access

----FastLogin----
fastlogin.bukkit.command.premium - Label themselves as premium
fastlogin.bukkit.command.premium.other - Label others as premium
fastlogin.bukkit.command.cracked - Label themselves as cracked
fastlogin.bukkit.command.cracked.other - Label others as cracked

----PlayerSettings----
settings.* - All PlayerSettings permissions
settings.toggles - All PlayerSettings toggles
settings.reload - Reloads plugin configuration
settings.speed - Permission for toggling Speed
settings.jump - Permission for toggling Jump
settings.fly - Permission for toggling Fly
settings.vanish - Permission for toggling Vanish
settings.radio - Permission for toggling Radio
settings.doublejump - Permission for toggling DoubleJump
settings.stacker - Permission for toggling Stacker
settings.visibility - Permission for toggling Visibility
settings.chat - Permission for toggling Chat

----EmeraldLauncher2----
launcher.launch - Can they be launched

----GWEN----
AAC.* - Gives access to all AAC permissions.
AAC.version - Display version information
AAC.unban - Unban a player
AAC.kick - Kill and kick a player
AAC.ban - Ban a player
AAC.bypass - Be exempt from AAC hacking checks
AAC.admin - Open a GUI to manage AAC
AAC.debug - Save a file with detailed information on a player
AAC.verbose - View AAC's debug messages.
AAC.message - Send a message to players from AAC
AAC.notify - Send and recieve messages to all staff
AAC.crash - Crash a player

----SparklingTools----
tools.upgrade - Gives access to add enchantments to emerald tools
tools.repair - Gives access to repair emerald tools

----RealPing----
realping.ping - States your ping to the server
realping.ping.others - States another players ping to the server

----Essentials----
essentials.* - Give players with op everything by default

----VeinMiner----
veinminer.reload - Allow the use of the /veinminer reload sub-command
veinminer.toggle - Allow the use of the /veinminer toggle sub-command
veinminer.veinmine.* - Allow the usage of the VeinMiner utility
veinminer.veinmine.pickaxe - Allow the usage of the VeinMiner utility under the "Pickaxe" category
veinminer.veinmine.axe - Allow the usage of the VeinMiner utility under the "Axe" category
veinminer.veinmine.shovel - Allow the usage of the VeinMiner utility under the "Shovel" category
veinminer.veinmine.hoe - Allow the usage of the VeinMiner utility under the "Hoe" category
veinminer.veinmine.shears - Allow the usage of the VeinMiner utility under the "Shears" category
veinminer.veinmine.all - Allow the usage of the VeinMiner utility under the "All" category
veinminer.blocklist.* - Allow the use of the /veinminer blocklist command
veinminer.blocklist.add - Allow the use of the /veinminer blocklist add <id> command
veinminer.blocklist.remove - Allow the use of the /veinminer blocklist remove <id> command
veinminer.blocklist.list.* - Allow the use of the /veinminer blocklist list command
veinminer.blocklist.list.pickaxe - Allow the use of the "/veinminer blocklist list pickaxe" subcommand
veinminer.blocklist.list.axe - Allow the use of the "/veinminer blocklist list axe" subcommand
veinminer.blocklist.list.shovel - Allow the use of the "/veinminer blocklist list shovel" subcommand
veinminer.blocklist.list.hoe - Allow the use of the "/veinminer blocklist list hoe" subcommand
veinminer.blocklist.list.shears - Allow the use of the "/veinminer blocklist list shears" subcommand
veinminer.blocklist.list.all - Allow the use of the "/veinminer blocklist list all" subcommand

----ClearLag----
lagg.clear - Permission to clear lag
lagg.reload - Permission to reload config from disk
lagg.check - Permission to check
lagg.killmobs - Permission to kill mobs
lagg.unloadchunks - Permission to unload chunks
lagg.help - Permission to see commands
lagg.gc - Permission gc
lagg.tps - Permission to see tps

----ArenaPvP----
arenapvp.party.* - Gives access to all party commands
arenapvp.party.duel.* - Gives access to all duel party kits
arenapvp.admin.* - Gives access to all admin commands
arenapvp.setinv.* - Gives access to all setinv kits
arenapvp.ranked.* - Gives access to all ranked kits
arenapvp.unranked.* - Gives access to all unranked kits
arenapvp.duel.* - Gives access to all duel kits
arenapvp.* - Gives access to all commands
arenapvp.rankeds - Ilimited rankeds.
arenapvp.unrankeds - Ilimited unrankeds
arenapvp.toggleduels - Toggle duel request.
arenapvp.blockbreakbypass - Block break when the player not are playing
arenapvp.blockbuildbypass - Block place when the player not are playing
arenapvp.bypasscommands - Use commands in game
arenapvp.itemoptions - Give the custom item
arenapvp.setinv - Set hotbar
arenapvp.elo - See elo
arenapvp.elo.others - Se elo of others players
arenapvp.viewrankeds - View rankeds and unrankeds left
arenapvp.stats - View stats
arenapvp.stats.others - View stats of others players
arenapvp.spec - Spec a player
arenapvp.seeinventory - See las inventory of the rival.
arenapvp.duelaccept - Duel accept
arenapvp.duelgui - Duel open gui (kit)
arenapvp.meetup.join - Meetup join
arenapvp.meetup.spec - Meetup auto spec
arenapvp.party.create - Party create
arenapvp.party.accept - Party accept
arenapvp.party.promote - Party promote
arenapvp.party.invite - Party invite a player
arenapvp.party.kick - Party kick
arenapvp.party.actions.ffa - Party, actions ffa
arenapvp.party.partychat - Use party chat
arenapvp.party.duel.builduhc - Use kit
arenapvp.party.duel.pots - Use kit
arenapvp.party.duel.mcsg - Use kit
arenapvp.party.duel.ironbuild - Use kit
arenapvp.party.duel.potsdebuff - Use kit
arenapvp.party.duel.iron - Use kit
arenapvp.party.duel.diamond - Use kit
arenapvp.party.duel.gapple - Use kit
arenapvp.party.duel.vanilla - Use kit
arenapvp.party.duel.uhc - Use kit
arenapvp.party.duel.soup - Use kit
arenapvp.party.duel.finaluhc - Use kit
arenapvp.party.duel.combobuild - Use kit
arenapvp.party.duel.combofly - Use kit
arenapvp.admin.arenalist - See arenalist
arenapvp.admin.seeavailables - Se availables arenas
arenapvp.admin.dueldisable - Disable duels
arenapvp.admin.duelenable - Enable duels
arenapvp.admin.setelo - Set elo
arenapvp.admin.setrankeds - Set all rankeds
arenapvp.admin.setunrankeds - Set all unrankeds
arenapvp.admin.bmap - Configure a map
arenapvp.admin.setlobby - Set lobby
arenapvp.admin.setlobbyhotbar - Set lobby hotbar
arenapvp.admin.setflatmysql - Set lobby hotbar
arenapvp.admin.reload - Reload
arenapvp.admin.seepartychat - Reload
arenapvp.admin.editkits - Edit the kits
arenapvp.setinv.builduhc - Set hotbar
arenapvp.setinv.pots - Set hotbar
arenapvp.setinv.mcsg - Set hotbar
arenapvp.setinv.ironbuild - Set hotbar
arenapvp.setinv.potsdebuff - Set hotbar
arenapvp.setinv.iron - Set hotbar
arenapvp.setinv.diamond - Set hotbar
arenapvp.setinv.gapple - Set hotbar
arenapvp.setinv.vanilla - Set hotbar
arenapvp.setinv.uhc - Set hotbar
arenapvp.setinv.soup - Set hotbar
arenapvp.setinv.finaluhc - Set hotbar
arenapvp.setinv.combobuild - Set hotbar
arenapvp.setinv.combofly - Set hotbar
arenapvp.ranked.builduhc - Ranked matches
arenapvp.ranked.pots - Ranked matches
arenapvp.ranked.mcsg - Ranked matches
arenapvp.ranked.ironbuild - Ranked matches
arenapvp.ranked.potsdebuff - Ranked matches
arenapvp.ranked.iron - Ranked matches
arenapvp.ranked.diamond - Ranked matches
arenapvp.ranked.gapple - Ranked matches
arenapvp.ranked.vanilla - Ranked matches
arenapvp.ranked.uhc - Ranked matches
arenapvp.ranked.soup - Ranked matches
arenapvp.ranked.finaluhc - Ranked matches
arenapvp.ranked.combobuild - Ranked matches
arenapvp.ranked.combofly - Ranked matches
arenapvp.unranked.builduhc - Unranked matches
arenapvp.unranked.pots - Unranked matches
arenapvp.unranked.mcsg - Unranked matches
arenapvp.unranked.ironbuild - Unranked matches
arenapvp.unranked.potsdebuff - Unranked matches
arenapvp.unranked.iron - Unranked matches
arenapvp.unranked.diamond - Unranked matches
arenapvp.unranked.gapple - Unranked matches
arenapvp.unranked.vanilla - Unranked matches
arenapvp.unranked.uhc - Unranked matches
arenapvp.unranked.soup - Unranked matches
arenapvp.unranked.finaluhc - Unranked matches
arenapvp.unranked.combobuild - Unranked matches
arenapvp.unranked.combofly - Unranked matches
arenapvp.duel.builduhc - Duel choose kit
arenapvp.duel.pots - Duel choose kit
arenapvp.duel.mcsg - Duel choose kit
arenapvp.duel.ironbuild - Duel choose kit
arenapvp.duel.potsdebuff - Duel choose kit
arenapvp.duel.iron - Duel choose kit
arenapvp.duel.diamond - Duel choose kit
arenapvp.duel.gapple - Duel choose kit
arenapvp.duel.vanilla - Duel choose kit
arenapvp.duel.uhc - Duel choose kit
arenapvp.duel.soup - Duel choose kit
arenapvp.duel.finaluhc - Duel choose kit
arenapvp.duel.combobuild - Duel choose kit
arenapvp.duel.combofly - Duel choose kit

----Vault----
vault.admin - Notifies the player when vault is in need of an update.

----LWC----
lwc.* - Full administrative access to LWC
lwc.protect - Gives the ability to basic LWC usage (almost everything except LWC admin.)
lwc.admin - Gives you absolutely power over LWC. As an LWC admin, you have no restrictions.
lwc.allcommands - Gives you access to every LWC command. Without lwc.admin or lwc.mod, you cannot open protections you do not own.
lwc.shownotices - Shows LWC notices
lwc.mod - Allows you to open anyone's protection but not remove them
lwc.deny - Denys you access to any block LWC can protect. For example, with this permission set, you cannot open even unprotected chests (if protectable.)
lwc.create.* - Allows you to create every basic protection (public, private, password.)
lwc.create.public - Allows you to create a public protection.
lwc.create.password - Allows you to create a password protection.
lwc.create.private - Allows you to create a private protection.
lwc.modify - Allows you to modify protections you own.
lwc.unlock - Allows you to unlock password-protected protections.
lwc.info - Allows you to view the owner and other misc data on a protection.
lwc.remove - Allows you to remove protections you own.
lwc.flag.* - Gives you access to every usable flag.
lwc.allflags - Gives you access to every usable flag.
lwc.flag.redstone - Allows you to use the redstone flag, which enables or disables the use of redstone on a protection depending on plugin settings.
lwc.flag.magnet - Allows you to use the magnet flag, which makes a protection such as a chest suck up dropped items in a specific radius around it.
lwc.flag.autoclose - Allows a door to automatically close itself after 3 seconds (configurable.)
lwc.mode.* - Gives you access to every usable mode, provided they are already disabled.
lwc.allmodes - Gives you access to every mode, provided they are already disabled.
lwc.mode.persist - Allows you to use the persist flag, which allows you to use commands repeatably.
lwc.mode.droptransfer - Allows you to use the drop transfer flag, which allows you to "drop" items into your chest from far away.
lwc.autoprotect - Allows you to auto protect LWC protections regardless of how LWC is configured

----ChestCommands----
chestcommands.economy.bypass - Bypass command costs.

----MineplexAntiCheat----
nocheatplus.checks.blockbreak.break.liquid - Allow players to break liquid.
nocheatplus.checks.blockbreak.break - Allow the player to break special blocks.
nocheatplus.checks.blockbreak.direction - Allow the player to bypass to Direction check.
nocheatplus.checks.blockbreak.fastbreak - Allow the player to bypass the FastBreak check.
nocheatplus.checks.blockbreak.frequency - Allow the player to bypass the Frequency check.
nocheatplus.checks.blockbreak.noswing - Allow the player to bypass the NoSwing check.
nocheatplus.checks.blockbreak.reach - Allow the player to bypass the Reach check.
nocheatplus.checks.blockbreak.wrongblock - Allow the player to bypass the WorngBlock check.
nocheatplus.checks.blockbreak - Allow the player to bypass all BlockBreak checks.
nocheatplus.checks.blockinteract.direction - Allow the player to bypass to Direction check.
nocheatplus.checks.blockinteract.reach - Allow the player to bypass the Reach check.
nocheatplus.checks.blockinteract.speed - Allow the player to bypass the Speed check.
nocheatplus.checks.blockinteract.visible - Allow the player to bypass the Visible check.
nocheatplus.checks.blockinteract - Allow the player to bypass all BlockInteract checks.
nocheatplus.checks.blockplace.against.liquids - Allow the player to place blocks against liquids.
nocheatplus.checks.blockplace.against.air - Allow the player to place blocks against air.
nocheatplus.checks.blockplace.against - Allow the player to place blocks against other blocks.
nocheatplus.checks.blockplace.autosign - Allow bypassing the autosign check.
nocheatplus.checks.blockplace.boatsanywhere - Allow the player to place boats on the ground.
nocheatplus.checks.blockplace.direction - Allow the player to bypass to Direction check.
nocheatplus.checks.blockplace.fastplace - Allow the player to bypass the FastPlace check.
nocheatplus.checks.blockplace.noswing - Allow the player to bypass the NoSwing check.
nocheatplus.checks.blockplace.reach - Allow the player to bypass the Reach check.
nocheatplus.checks.blockplace.speed - Allow the player to bypass the Speed check.
nocheatplus.checks.blockplace - Allow the player to bypass all BlockPlace checks.
nocheatplus.checks.chat.captcha - Allow the player to bypass the captcha check (currently the text/commands violation handling would replace it!).
nocheatplus.checks.chat.color - Allow the player to bypass the Color check.
nocheatplus.checks.chat.commands - Allow the player to bypass the commands check.
nocheatplus.checks.chat.logins - Allow the player to bypass the logins check.
nocheatplus.checks.chat.relog - Allow the player to bypass the relog check.
nocheatplus.checks.chat.text - Allow the player to bypass the text check.
nocheatplus.checks.chat - Allow the player to bypass all Chat checks.
nocheatplus.checks.combined.bedleave - Allow to bypass the bedleave check (fly, god).
nocheatplus.checks.combined.improbable - Allow the player to bypass the Improbable check.
nocheatplus.checks.combined.munchhausen - Allow flying with fishing rods! The check is deactivated by default, though.
nocheatplus.checks.combined - Allow the player to bypass all combined checks.
nocheatplus.checks.fight.angle - Allow the player to bypass the Angle check.
nocheatplus.checks.fight.critical - Allow the player to bypass the Critical check.
nocheatplus.checks.fight.direction - Allow the player to bypass the Direction check.
nocheatplus.checks.fight.fastheal - Allow the player to bypass the FastHeal check.
nocheatplus.checks.fight.godmode - Allow the player to bypass the GodMode check.
nocheatplus.checks.fight.noswing - Allow the player to bypass the NoSwing check.
nocheatplus.checks.fight.reach - Allow the player to bypass the Reach check.
nocheatplus.checks.fight.selfhit - Allow the player to bypass the SelfHit check.
nocheatplus.checks.fight.speed - Allow the player to bypass the Speed check.
nocheatplus.checks.fight - Allow the player to bypass all Fight checks.
nocheatplus.checks.inventory.drop - Allow the player to bypass the Drop check.
nocheatplus.checks.inventory.fastclick - Allow the player to bypass the FastClick check.
nocheatplus.checks.inventory.fastconsume - Allow to bypass the FastConsume check.
nocheatplus.checks.inventory.gutenberg - Allow to bypass the Gutenberg check.
nocheatplus.checks.inventory.instantbow - Allow the player to bypass the InstantBow check.
nocheatplus.checks.inventory.instanteat - Allow the player to bypass the InstantEat check.
nocheatplus.checks.inventory.items - Allow the player to bypass the items check (illegal enchantments/dupes).
nocheatplus.checks.inventory - Allow the player to bypass all Inventory checks.
nocheatplus.checks.moving.creativefly - Allow the player to bypass the CreativeFly check.
nocheatplus.checks.moving.morepackets - Allow the player to bypass the MorePackets check.
nocheatplus.checks.moving.morepacketsvehicle - Legacy permission! Use instead: nocheatplus.checks.moving.vehicle.morepackets
nocheatplus.checks.moving.nofall - Allow the player to bypass the NoFall check.
nocheatplus.checks.moving.passable - Allow bypassing the Passable check.
nocheatplus.checks.moving.survivalfly.blocking - Allow the player to move without speed limits and to attack entities while blocking.
nocheatplus.checks.moving.survivalfly.sneaking - Allow the player to move without speed limits while sneaking.
nocheatplus.checks.moving.survivalfly.speeding - Allow the player to move at higher speeds.
nocheatplus.checks.moving.survivalfly.sprinting - Allow the player to sprint backwards.
nocheatplus.checks.moving.survivalfly.step - Allow the player to use the 'step' functionality of his client.
nocheatplus.checks.moving.survivalfly - Allow the player to bypass the SurvivalFly check.
nocheatplus.checks.moving.vehicle.morepackets - Allow bypassing the morepackets check for vehicles.
nocheatplus.checks.moving.vehicle.envelope - Allow bypassing the moving envelope check for vehicles.
nocheatplus.checks.moving.vehicle - Allow bypassing all checks for players moving as passengers of vehicles/other.
nocheatplus.checks.moving - Allow the player to bypass all Moving checks.
nocheatplus.checks.net.attackfrequency - Bypass the AttackFrequency check (attack speed).
nocheatplus.checks.net.flyingfrequency - Bypass the FlyingFrequency check (flying packet spam).
nocheatplus.checks.net.keepalivefrequency - Bypass the KeepAliveFrequency check (keep alive packet spam).
nocheatplus.checks.net.packetfrequency - Bypass the PacketFrequency check (overall packet spam).
nocheatplus.checks.net - Allow a player to bypass the net (packet) checks.
nocheatplus.checks - Allow the player to bypass all checks.
nocheatplus.mods.cjb.fly - Allow the player to use CJB's fly mod.
nocheatplus.mods.cjb.radar - Allow the player to use CJB's radar.
nocheatplus.mods.cjb.xray - Allow the player to use CJB's xray.
nocheatplus.mods.cjb - Allow the player to use the CJB mod.
nocheatplus.mods.journey.radar - Radar features (JourneyMap, VoxelMap).
nocheatplus.mods.journey.cavemap - Cave map features (JourneyMap, VoxelMap).
nocheatplus.mods.journey - Allow players too use mapping features of the JourneyMap mod (Same codes as VoxelMap).
nocheatplus.mods.minecraftautomap.cave - Allow the player to use Minecraft AutoMap's cave mode.
nocheatplus.mods.minecraftautomap.ores - Allow the player to use Minecraft AutoMap's ores detector.
nocheatplus.mods.minecraftautomap.radar - Allow the player to use Minecraft AutoMap's radar.
nocheatplus.mods.minecraftautomap - Allow the player to use the Minecraft AutoMap mod.
nocheatplus.mods.rei.cave - Allow the player to use Rei's Minimap cave mode.
nocheatplus.mods.rei.radar.player - Allow the player to use Rei's Minimap player radar
nocheatplus.mods.rei.radar.animal - Allow the player to use Rei's Minimap animal radar
nocheatplus.mods.rei.radar.mob - Allow the player to use Rei's Minimap mob radar
nocheatplus.mods.rei.radar.slime - Allow the player to use Rei's Minimap slime radar
nocheatplus.mods.rei.radar.squid - Allow the player to use Rei's Minimap squid radar
nocheatplus.mods.rei.radar.other - Allow the player to use Rei's Minimap other radar
nocheatplus.mods.rei.radar - Allow the player to use Rei's Minimap radar.
nocheatplus.mods.rei - Allow the player to use the Rei's Minimap mod.
nocheatplus.mods.smartmoving.climbing - Allow the player to use Smart Moving's climbing movement.
nocheatplus.mods.smartmoving.crawling - Allow the player to use Smart Moving's crawling movement.
nocheatplus.mods.smartmoving.flying - Allow the player to use Smart Moving's flying movement.
nocheatplus.mods.smartmoving.jumping - Allow the player to use Smart Moving's jumping movement.
nocheatplus.mods.smartmoving.sliding - Allow the player to use Smart Moving's sliding movement.
nocheatplus.mods.smartmoving.swimming - Allow the player to use Smart Moving's swimming movement.
nocheatplus.mods.smartmoving - Allow the player to use the Smart Moving mod.
nocheatplus.mods.zombe.cheat - Allow the player to use Zombe's cheat.
nocheatplus.mods.zombe.fly - Allow the player to use Zombe's fly mod.
nocheatplus.mods.zombe.noclip - Allow the player to use Zombe's noclip.
nocheatplus.mods.zombe - Allow the player to use the Zombe mod.
nocheatplus.mods - Allow the player to use all the client mods.
nocheatplus.notify - Receive notifications about violations in-game.
nocheatplus.filter.command.nocheatplus - Filter permission to allow using sub commands of the /nocheatplus command. This permission should not be necessary to ever be given to any player unless the permission plugin is incompatible with certain aspects of super-perms.
nocheatplus.filter.command - Allows use of all commands protected by the command protection, like the ncp root command. Does not give functionality but allow seeing usage and tab-completion of the command. In future there can be many children not listed in this config.
nocheatplus.command.notify - Allow toggling notifications.
nocheatplus.command.reload - Allow the player to reload NoCheatPlus configuration.
nocheatplus.command.top - Allow to search violation history for top violations.
nocheatplus.command.info - Allow to see violation info about a player.
nocheatplus.command.inspect - Allow to see detailed information about online players.
nocheatplus.command.exemptions - Allow to see exemptions for a player.
nocheatplus.command.exempt - Allow to add exemptions for a player.
nocheatplus.command.unexempt - Allow to remove exemptions from  a player.
nocheatplus.command.ban - Allow use of the ncp ban command.
nocheatplus.command.kick - Allow use of the ncp kick command.
nocheatplus.command.denylist - Allow use of the ncp denylist command (view players who are denied to login right now).
nocheatplus.command.lag - Allow use of the ncp lag command.
nocheatplus.command.tell - Allow use of the ncp tell command.
nocheatplus.command.delay - Allow use of the ncp delay command.
nocheatplus.command.denylogin - Allow use of the ncp denylogin command.
nocheatplus.command.allowlogin - Allow use of the ncp allowlogin command.
nocheatplus.command.version - Allow use of the ncp version command.
nocheatplus.command.removeplayer - Allow use of the ncp removeplayer command.
nocheatplus.command.commands - Allow use of the ncp commands command.
nocheatplus.command.log - Show various stats/debugging information. [Incomplete, experimental.]
nocheatplus.command.reset - Reset statistics or debugging counters.
nocheatplus.command.debug - Start logging debug information for a player (lots of output, log file).
nocheatplus.command.stopwatch - Stop watch functionality. See tab-completion and feedback.
nocheatplus.command.tempkick - Obsolete, use nocheatplus.command.denylogin instead.
nocheatplus.command.unkick - Obsolete, use nocheatplus.command.allowlogin instead.
nocheatplus.command - All command permissions, do not give lightly - if in doubt use shortcut permissions for moderators (nocheatplus.shortcut.monitor|safeadmin ...).
nocheatplus.bypass.denylogin - Bypass the login denial, such as exists with the ncp denylogin command.
nocheatplus.bypass - Bypass other features than checks.
nocheatplus.shortcut.info - Info commands about players.
nocheatplus.shortcut.monitor - All monitoring commands such as player and system info (including plugins).
nocheatplus.shortcut.safeadmin - Permissions for "safe" administration, excluding rather critical operations like reload and action commands like ban/delay (arbitrary console commands!). Fit for "heavy" mods, include temp-kicking and exemptions, does bypass login-denial.
nocheatplus.shortcut.cheater - Allow use of all cheating, excludes bypassing temp-kick and command protection and similar.
nocheatplus.shortcut.bypass - Bypass everything that can be bypassed.
nocheatplus.shortcut - Shortcut permissions designed to be somewhat "safe" to give (see children permissions).
nocheatplus.tester - Monitoring and debugging permissions, including removing data and exemption handling for oneself.
nocheatplus.admin.debug - Receive debugging information (or cause console logs on other occasions).
nocheatplus.admin.notify - Obsolete, use nocheatplus.command.notify and/or nocheatplus.notify instead.
nocheatplus.admin.reload - Obsolete, use nocheatplus.command.reload instead.
nocheatplus.admin.info - Obsolete, use nocheatplus.command.info instead.
nocheatplus.admin.exemptions - Obsolete, use nocheatplus.command.exemptions instead.
nocheatplus.admin.exempt - Obsolete, use nocheatplus.command.exempt instead.
nocheatplus.admin.unexempt - Obsolete, use nocheatplus.command.unexempt instead.
nocheatplus.admin.ban - Obsolete, use nocheatplus.command.ban instead.
nocheatplus.admin.kick - Obsolete, use nocheatplus.command.kick instead.
nocheatplus.admin.kicklist - Obsolete, use nocheatplus.command.denylist instead.
nocheatplus.admin.lag - Obsolete, use nocheatplus.command.lag instead.
nocheatplus.admin.tell - Obsolete, use nocheatplus.command.tell instead.
nocheatplus.admin.delay - Obsolete, use nocheatplus.command.delay instead.
nocheatplus.admin.tempkick - Obsolete, use nocheatplus.command.denylogin instead.
nocheatplus.admin.unkick - Obsolete, use nocheatplus.command.allowlogin instead.
nocheatplus.admin.version - Obsolete, use nocheatplus.command.version instead.
nocheatplus.admin.removeplayer - Obsolete, use nocheatplus.command.removeplayer instead.
nocheatplus.admin.commands - Obsolete, use nocheatplus.command.commands instead.
nocheatplus.admin - Give the player all administration rights (does not exclude from checks), do not give lightly - if in doubt use shortcut permissions for moderators (nocheatplus.shortcut.monitor|safeadmin ...).
nocheatplus - Allow the player to bypass all checks and give him all administration permissions.

----Citizens----
citizens.admin - No description given
citizens.admin.avoid-limits - No description given
citizens.admin.remove.all - No description given
citizens.citizens.help - No description given
citizens.help - No description given
citizens.npc.age - No description given
citizens.npc.anchor - No description given
citizens.npc.behaviour - No description given
citizens.npc.controllable - No description given
citizens.npc.controllable.arrow - No description given
citizens.npc.controllable.bat - No description given
citizens.npc.controllable.blaze - No description given
citizens.npc.controllable.boat - No description given
citizens.npc.controllable.cavespider - No description given
citizens.npc.controllable.chicken - No description given
citizens.npc.controllable.complexpart - No description given
citizens.npc.controllable.cow - No description given
citizens.npc.controllable.creeper - No description given
citizens.npc.controllable.droppeditem - No description given
citizens.npc.controllable.egg - No description given
citizens.npc.controllable.endercrystal - No description given
citizens.npc.controllable.enderdragon - No description given
citizens.npc.controllable.enderman - No description given
citizens.npc.controllable.enderpearl - No description given
citizens.npc.controllable.endersignal - No description given
citizens.npc.controllable.experienceorb - No description given
citizens.npc.controllable.fallingblock - No description given
citizens.npc.controllable.fireball - No description given
citizens.npc.controllable.firework - No description given
citizens.npc.controllable.fishinghook - No description given
citizens.npc.controllable.ghast - No description given
citizens.npc.controllable.giant - No description given
citizens.npc.controllable.horse - No description given
citizens.npc.controllable.irongolem - No description given
citizens.npc.controllable.itemframe - No description given
citizens.npc.controllable.leashhitch - No description given
citizens.npc.controllable.lightning - No description given
citizens.npc.controllable.magmacube - No description given
citizens.npc.controllable.minecart - No description given
citizens.npc.controllable.minecartchest - No description given
citizens.npc.controllable.minecartfurnace - No description given
citizens.npc.controllable.minecarthopper - No description given
citizens.npc.controllable.minecartmobspawner - No description given
citizens.npc.controllable.minecarttnt - No description given
citizens.npc.controllable.mushroomcow - No description given
citizens.npc.controllable.ocelot - No description given
citizens.npc.controllable.painting - No description given
citizens.npc.controllable.pig - No description given
citizens.npc.controllable.pigzombie - No description given
citizens.npc.controllable.player - No description given
citizens.npc.controllable.primedtnt - No description given
citizens.npc.controllable.sheep - No description given
citizens.npc.controllable.silverfish - No description given
citizens.npc.controllable.skeleton - No description given
citizens.npc.controllable.slime - No description given
citizens.npc.controllable.smallfireball - No description given
citizens.npc.controllable.snowball - No description given
citizens.npc.controllable.snowman - No description given
citizens.npc.controllable.spider - No description given
citizens.npc.controllable.splashpotion - No description given
citizens.npc.controllable.squid - No description given
citizens.npc.controllable.thrownexpbottle - No description given
citizens.npc.controllable.villager - No description given
citizens.npc.controllable.weather - No description given
citizens.npc.controllable.witch - No description given
citizens.npc.controllable.wither - No description given
citizens.npc.controllable.witherskull - No description given
citizens.npc.controllable.wolf - No description given
citizens.npc.controllable.zombie - No description given
citizens.npc.copy - No description given
citizens.npc.create - No description given
citizens.npc.create.arrow - No description given
citizens.npc.create.bat - No description given
citizens.npc.create.blaze - No description given
citizens.npc.create.boat - No description given
citizens.npc.create.cavespider - No description given
citizens.npc.create.chicken - No description given
citizens.npc.create.complexpart - No description given
citizens.npc.create.cow - No description given
citizens.npc.create.creeper - No description given
citizens.npc.create.droppeditem - No description given
citizens.npc.create.egg - No description given
citizens.npc.create.endercrystal - No description given
citizens.npc.create.enderdragon - No description given
citizens.npc.create.enderman - No description given
citizens.npc.create.enderpearl - No description given
citizens.npc.create.endersignal - No description given
citizens.npc.create.experienceorb - No description given
citizens.npc.create.fallingblock - No description given
citizens.npc.create.fireball - No description given
citizens.npc.create.firework - No description given
citizens.npc.create.fishinghook - No description given
citizens.npc.create.ghast - No description given
citizens.npc.create.giant - No description given
citizens.npc.create.horse - No description given
citizens.npc.create.irongolem - No description given
citizens.npc.create.itemframe - No description given
citizens.npc.create.leashhitch - No description given
citizens.npc.create.lightning - No description given
citizens.npc.create.magmacube - No description given
citizens.npc.create.minecart - No description given
citizens.npc.create.minecartchest - No description given
citizens.npc.create.minecartfurnace - No description given
citizens.npc.create.minecarthopper - No description given
citizens.npc.create.minecartmobspawner - No description given
citizens.npc.create.minecarttnt - No description given
citizens.npc.create.mushroomcow - No description given
citizens.npc.create.ocelot - No description given
citizens.npc.create.painting - No description given
citizens.npc.create.pig - No description given
citizens.npc.create.pigzombie - No description given
citizens.npc.create.player - No description given
citizens.npc.create.primedtnt - No description given
citizens.npc.create.sheep - No description given
citizens.npc.create.silverfish - No description given
citizens.npc.create.skeleton - No description given
citizens.npc.create.slime - No description given
citizens.npc.create.smallfireball - No description given
citizens.npc.create.snowball - No description given
citizens.npc.create.snowman - No description given
citizens.npc.create.spider - No description given
citizens.npc.create.splashpotion - No description given
citizens.npc.create.squid - No description given
citizens.npc.create.thrownexpbottle - No description given
citizens.npc.create.villager - No description given
citizens.npc.create.weather - No description given
citizens.npc.create.witch - No description given
citizens.npc.create.wither - No description given
citizens.npc.create.witherskull - No description given
citizens.npc.create.wolf - No description given
citizens.npc.create.zombie - No description given
citizens.npc.despawn - No description given
citizens.npc.edit.copier - No description given
citizens.npc.edit.equip - No description given
citizens.npc.edit.path - No description given
citizens.npc.edit.text - No description given
citizens.npc.gravity - No description given
citizens.npc.help - No description given
citizens.npc.horse - No description given
citizens.npc.ignore-cost - No description given
citizens.npc.info - No description given
citizens.npc.leashable - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.1 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.2 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.3 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.4 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.5 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.6 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.7 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.8 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.9 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.10 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.11 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.12 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.13 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.14 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.15 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.16 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.17 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.18 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.19 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.20 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.21 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.22 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.23 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.24 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.25 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.26 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.27 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.28 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.29 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.30 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.31 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.32 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.33 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.34 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.35 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.36 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.37 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.38 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.39 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.40 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.41 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.42 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.43 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.44 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.45 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.46 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.47 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.48 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.49 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.50 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.51 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.52 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.53 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.54 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.55 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.56 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.57 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.58 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.59 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.60 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.61 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.62 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.63 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.64 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.65 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.66 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.67 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.68 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.69 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.70 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.71 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.72 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.73 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.74 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.75 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.76 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.77 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.78 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.79 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.80 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.81 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.82 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.83 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.84 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.85 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.86 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.87 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.88 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.89 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.90 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.91 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.92 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.93 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.94 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.95 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.96 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.97 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.98 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.99 - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.100 - No description given
citizens.npc.list - No description given
citizens.npc.lookclose - No description given
citizens.npc.moveto - No description given
citizens.npc.name - No description given
citizens.npc.ocelot - No description given
citizens.npc.owner - No description given
citizens.npc.path - No description given
citizens.npc.pathfindingrange - No description given
citizens.npc.pathfindingoptions - No description given
citizens.npc.playerlist - No description given
citizens.npc.pose - No description given
citizens.npc.power - No description given
citizens.npc.profession - No description given
citizens.npc.remove - No description given
citizens.npc.rename - No description given
citizens.npc.respawn - No description given
citizens.npc.select - No description given
citizens.npc.size - No description given
citizens.npc.skeletontype - No description given
citizens.npc.sound - No description given
citizens.npc.spawn - No description given
citizens.npc.speak - No description given
citizens.npc.speed - No description given
citizens.npc.swim - No description given
citizens.npc.talk - No description given
citizens.npc.targetable - No description given
citizens.npc.tp - No description given
citizens.npc.tphere - No description given
citizens.npc.tphere.multiworld - No description given
citizens.npc.tpto - No description given
citizens.npc.trait-configure - No description given
citizens.npc.trait-configure.age - No description given
citizens.npc.trait-configure.anchors - No description given
citizens.npc.trait-configure.controllable - No description given
citizens.npc.trait-configure.equipment - No description given
citizens.npc.trait-configure.gravity - No description given
citizens.npc.trait-configure.horsemodifiers - No description given
citizens.npc.trait-configure.inventory - No description given
citizens.npc.trait-configure.location - No description given
citizens.npc.trait-configure.lookclose - No description given
citizens.npc.trait-configure.ocelotmodifiers - No description given
citizens.npc.trait-configure.owner - No description given
citizens.npc.trait-configure.poses - No description given
citizens.npc.trait-configure.powered - No description given
citizens.npc.trait-configure.profession - No description given
citizens.npc.trait-configure.saddle - No description given
citizens.npc.trait-configure.sheared - No description given
citizens.npc.trait-configure.skeletontype - No description given
citizens.npc.trait-configure.slimesize - No description given
citizens.npc.trait-configure.spawned - No description given
citizens.npc.trait-configure.speech - No description given
citizens.npc.trait-configure.text - No description given
citizens.npc.trait-configure.type - No description given
citizens.npc.trait-configure.waypoints - No description given
citizens.npc.trait-configure.wolfmodifiers - No description given
citizens.npc.trait-configure.woolcolor - No description given
citizens.npc.trait-configure.zombiemodifier - No description given
citizens.npc.trait - No description given
citizens.npc.trait.age - No description given
citizens.npc.trait.anchors - No description given
citizens.npc.trait.controllable - No description given
citizens.npc.trait.equipment - No description given
citizens.npc.trait.gravity - No description given
citizens.npc.trait.horsemodifiers - No description given
citizens.npc.trait.inventory - No description given
citizens.npc.trait.location - No description given
citizens.npc.trait.lookclose - No description given
citizens.npc.trait.ocelotmodifiers - No description given
citizens.npc.trait.owner - No description given
citizens.npc.trait.poses - No description given
citizens.npc.trait.powered - No description given
citizens.npc.trait.profession - No description given
citizens.npc.trait.saddle - No description given
citizens.npc.trait.sheared - No description given
citizens.npc.trait.skeletontype - No description given
citizens.npc.trait.slimesize - No description given
citizens.npc.trait.spawned - No description given
citizens.npc.trait.speech - No description given
citizens.npc.trait.text - No description given
citizens.npc.trait.type - No description given
citizens.npc.trait.waypoints - No description given
citizens.npc.trait.wolfmodifiers - No description given
citizens.npc.trait.woolcolor - No description given
citizens.npc.trait.zombiemodifier - No description given
citizens.npc.type - No description given
citizens.npc.vulnerable - No description given
citizens.npc.wolf - No description given
citizens.npc.zombiemodifier - No description given
citizens.script.compile - No description given
citizens.script.help - No description given
citizens.templates.apply - No description given
citizens.templates.create - No description given
citizens.templates.help - No description given
citizens.trait.help - No description given
citizens.waypoints.disableteleport - No description given
citizens.waypoints.help - No description given
citizens.waypoints.provider - No description given
citizens.npc.text - No description given
citizens.* - No description given
citizens.admin.* - No description given
citizens.citizens.* - No description given
citizens.npc.* - No description given
citizens.npc.controllable.* - No description given
citizens.npc.create.* - No description given
citizens.npc.edit.* - No description given
citizens.npc.limit.* - No description given
citizens.npc.tphere.* - No description given
citizens.npc.trait-configure.* - No description given
citizens.npc.trait.* - No description given
citizens.script.* - No description given
citizens.templates.* - No description given
citizens.waypoints.* - No description given
citizens.kit.op - No description given

----WorldEditSelectionVisualizer----
wesv.* - No description given
wesv.use - Allows the visualizer to be used.
wesv.toggle - Allows the visualizer to be toggled.
wesv.reloadconfig - Allows the configuration of this plugin to be reloaded from the config.yml file.

----TrailGUI----
trailgui.inventory.angryvillager - Allows the player to select the angryvillager trail in the GUI.
trailgui.inventory.cloud - Allows the player to select the cloud trail in the GUI.
trailgui.inventory.criticals - Allows the player to select the criticals trail in the GUI.
trailgui.inventory.driplava - Allows the player to select the driplava trail in the GUI.
trailgui.inventory.dripwater - Allows the player to select the dripwater trail in the GUI.
trailgui.inventory.enchantment - Allows the player to select the enchantment trail in the GUI.
trailgui.inventory.spark - Allows the player to select the spark trail in the GUI.
trailgui.inventory.flame - Allows the player to select the flame trail in the GUI.
trailgui.inventory.happyvillager - Allows the player to select the happyvillager trail in the GUI.
trailgui.inventory.instantspell - Allows the player to select the instantspell trail in the GUI.
trailgui.inventory.largesmoke - Allows the player to select the largesmoke trail in the GUI.
trailgui.inventory.lava - Allows the player to select the lava trail in the GUI.
trailgui.inventory.magiccrit - Allows the player to select the magiccrit trail in the GUI.
trailgui.inventory.mobspell - Allows the player to select the mobspell trail in the GUI.
trailgui.inventory.mobspellambient - Allows the player to select the mobspellambient trail in the GUI.
trailgui.inventory.note - Allows the player to select the note trail in the GUI.
trailgui.inventory.portal - Allows the player to select the portal trail in the GUI.
trailgui.inventory.reddust - Allows the player to select the reddust trail in the GUI.
trailgui.inventory.coloredreddust - Allows the player to select the coloredreddust trail in the GUI.
trailgui.inventory.slime - Allows the player to select the slime trail in the GUI.
trailgui.inventory.snowshovel - Allows the player to select the snowshovel trail in the GUI.
trailgui.inventory.snowballpoof - Allows the player to select the snowballpoof trail in the GUI.
trailgui.inventory.spell - Allows the player to select the spell trail in the GUI.
trailgui.inventory.splash - Allows the player to select the splash trail in the GUI.
trailgui.inventory.townaura - Allows the player to select the townaura trail in the GUI.
trailgui.inventory.wake - Allows the player to select the wake trail in the GUI.
trailgui.inventory.witchmagic - Allows the player to select the witchmagic trail in the GUI.
trailgui.inventory.hearts - Allows the player to select the hearts trail in the GUI.
trailgui.inventory.endersignal - Allows the player to select the endersignal trail in the GUI.
trailgui.inventory.iconcrack - Allows the player to select the iconcrack trail in the GUI.
trailgui.inventory.blockbreak - Allows the player to select the blockbreak trail in the GUI.
trailgui.inventory.blackdust - Allows the player to select the blackdust trail in the GUI.
trailgui.inventory.footstep - Allows the player to select the footstep trail in the GUI.
trailgui.inventory.blackpotion - Allows the player to select the blackpotion trail in the GUI.
trailgui.inventory.clearall - Allows the player to clear all their current trails when selecting the item in the GUI.
trailgui.inventory.nextpage - Allows the player to select the nextpage item in the GUI.
trailgui.inventory.previouspage - Allows the player to select the previouspage item in the GUI.
trailgui.trails.angryvillager - Allows the player to select the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.cloud - Allows the player to select the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.criticals - Allows the player to select the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.driplava - Allows the player to select the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.dripwater - Allows the player to select the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.enchantment - Allows the player to select the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.spark - Allows the player to select the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.flame - Allows the player to select the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.happyvillager - Allows the player to select the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.instantspell - Allows the player to select the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.largesmoke - Allows the player to select the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.lava - Allows the player to select the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.magiccrit - Allows the player to select the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.mobspell - Allows the player to select the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.mobspellambient - Allows the player to select the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.note - Allows the player to select the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.portal - Allows the player to select the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.reddust - Allows the player to select the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.coloredreddust - Allows the player to select the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.slime - Allows the player to select the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.snowshovel - Allows the player to select the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.snowballpoof - Allows the player to select the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.spell - Allows the player to select the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.splash - Allows the player to select the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.townaura - Allows the player to select the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.wake - Allows the player to select the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.witchmagic - Allows the player to select the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.hearts - Allows the player to select the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.endersignal - Allows the player to select the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.blockbreak - Allows the player to select the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.blackdust - Allows the player to select the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.footstep - Allows the player to select the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.blackpotion - Allows the player to select the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.iconcrack - Allows the player to select the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.bubbles - Allows the player to select the specified trail.
trailgui.commands.clearall - Allows the player to use the clearall trails command.
trailgui.commands.trails - Allows the player to use the trails command.
trailgui.commands.inventory - Allows the player to use the trails command.
trailgui.commands.version - Allows the player to view the plugins version.
trailgui.commands.reloadconfigs - Allows the player to reload all configuration files.
trailgui.trails.angryvillager.other - Allows the player to give another player the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.cloud.other - Allows the player to give another player the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.criticals.other - Allows the player to give another player the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.driplava.other - Allows the player to give another player the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.dripwater.other - Allows the player to give another player the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.enchantment.other - Allows the player to give another player the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.spark.other - Allows the player to give another player the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.flame.other - Allows the player to give another player the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.happyvillager.other - Allows the player to give another player the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.instantspell.other - Allows the player to give another player the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.largesmoke.other - Allows the player to give another player the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.lava.other - Allows the player to give another player the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.magiccrit.other - Allows the player to give another player the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.mobspell.other - Allows the player to give another player the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.mobspellambient.other - Allows the player to give another player the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.note.other - Allows the player to give another player the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.portal.other - Allows the player to give another player the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.reddust.other - Allows the player to give another player the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.coloredreddust.other - Allows the player to give another player the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.slime.other - Allows the player to give another player the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.snowshovel.other - Allows the player to give another player the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.snowballpoof.other - Allows the player to give another player the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.spell.other - Allows the player to give another player the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.splash.other - Allows the player to give another player the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.townaura.other - Allows the player to give another player the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.wake.other - Allows the player to give another player the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.witchmagic.other - Allows the player to give another player the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.hearts.other - Allows the player to give another player the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.iconcrack.other - Allows the player to give another player the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.endersignal.other - Allows the player to give another player the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.blockbreak.other - Allows the player to select the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.blackdust.other - Allows the player to select the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.footstep.other - Allows the player to select the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.blackpotion.other - Allows the player to select the specified trail.
trailgui.trails.bubbles.other - Allows the player to select the specified trail.
trailgui.commands.clearall.other - Allows the player to clear all of the specified players trails.
trailgui.commands.* - Allows the player to use all commands
trailgui.trails.* - Allows the player to use all the trails.
trailgui.inventory.* - Allows the player to select all the trails in the GUI.

----ASkyBlock----
askyblock.island.go - Allow teleporting to player island
askyblock.island.create - Let the player use the /island command
askyblock.island.info - Let the player check their island level
askyblock.island.topten - Let the player see the top ten list
askyblock.island.sethome - Let the player set their island teleport point
askyblock.island.challenges - Let the player use the /challenges command
askyblock.island.warp - Let the player use /island warp to warp to a players island
askyblock.island.addwarp - Let the player place a Welcome warp sign
askyblock.island.minishop - Allows usage of the minishop
askyblock.island.controlpanel - Allows usage of the island GUI
askyblock.island.biomes - Allows biome changing
askyblock.island.lock - Allows island locking
askyblock.island.expel - Allows expelling of visitors
askyblock.island.ban - Allows banning of visitors
askyblock.island.settings - Player can see server settings
askyblock.island.lang - Player can select a language
askyblock.island.name - Player can set the name of their island
askyblock.island.value - Player can see the value of a block
askyblock.island.spawn - Player can use the island spawn command if spawn exists
askyblock.island.reset - Player can use the island reset or restart command
askyblock.island.* - No description given
askyblock.team.create - Let a player invite other players to join a team
askyblock.team.kick - Let a player kick other players
askyblock.team.makeleader - Let a player make another player leader of the team
askyblock.team.join - Let a player join another player's team
askyblock.team.chat - Allow player to use team chat
askyblock.team.* - No description given
askyblock.command.resetexempt - Player is exempt from commands run when island resets
askyblock.command.leaveexempt - Player is exempt from commands run when they leave or are kicked. Note will not help if player is offline.
askyblock.command.newexempt - Player is exempt from commands run when starting an island
askyblock.command.challengeexempt - Player is exempt from commands run when a challenge is completed
askyblock.command.newteamexempt - Player is exempt from commands run when accepting a team invite
askyblock.command.* - Event commands will not be run for players with this perm
askyblock.coop - Allows player to use the coop command
askyblock.craft.enderchest - Allow crafting and use of enderchests in askyblock
askyblock.craft.dirt - Allows tilling of coarse dirt into dirt
askyblock.craft.* - No description given
askyblock.intopten - Includes player in top ten
askyblock.nohunger - Excludes player from hunger if on island
askyblock.islandfly - Allow player to fly inside his island boundaries
askyblock.settings.ACID_DAMAGE - Can configure the Acid Damage setting
askyblock.settings.ANVIL - Can configure the Anvil setting
askyblock.settings.ARMOR_STAND - Can configure the Armor Stand setting
askyblock.settings.BEACON - Can configure the Beacon setting
askyblock.settings.BED - Can configure the Bed setting
askyblock.settings.BREAK_BLOCKS - Can configure the Break Blocks setting
askyblock.settings.BREEDING - Can configure the Breeding setting
askyblock.settings.BREWING - Can configure the Brewing setting
askyblock.settings.BUCKET - Can configure the Bucket setting
askyblock.settings.COLLECT_LAVA - Can configure the Collect Lava setting
askyblock.settings.COLLECT_WATER - Can configure the Collect Water setting
askyblock.settings.CHEST - Can configure the Chest setting
askyblock.settings.CHORUS_FRUIT - Can configure the Chorus Fruit setting
askyblock.settings.CRAFTING - Can configure the Crafting setting
askyblock.settings.CREEPER_PAIN - Can configure the Creeper Pain setting
askyblock.settings.CROP_TRAMPLE - Can configure the Crop Trample setting
askyblock.settings.DOOR - Can configure the Door setting
askyblock.settings.EGGS - Can configure the Eggs setting
askyblock.settings.ENCHANTING - Can configure the Enchanting setting
askyblock.settings.ENDER_PEARL - Can configure the Ender Pearl setting
askyblock.settings.ENTER_EXIT_MESSAGES - Can configure the Enter Exit Messages setting
askyblock.settings.FIRE - Can configure the Fire setting
askyblock.settings.FIRE_EXTINGUISH - Can configure the Fire Extinguish setting
askyblock.settings.FIRE_SPREAD - Can configure the Fire Spread setting
askyblock.settings.FURNACE - Can configure the Furnace setting
askyblock.settings.GATE - Can configure the Gate setting
askyblock.settings.HORSE_INVENTORY - Can configure the Horse Inventory setting
askyblock.settings.HORSE_RIDING - Can configure the Horse Riding setting
askyblock.settings.HURT_MOBS - Can configure the Hurt Mobs setting
askyblock.settings.HURT_MONSTERS - Can configure the Hurt Monsters setting
askyblock.settings.LEASH - Can configure the Leash setting
askyblock.settings.LEVER_BUTTON - Can configure the Lever Button setting
askyblock.settings.MILKING - Can configure the Milking setting
askyblock.settings.MOB_SPAWN - Can configure the Mob Spawn setting
askyblock.settings.MONSTER_SPAWN - Can configure the Monster Spawn setting
askyblock.settings.MUSIC - Can configure the Music setting
askyblock.settings.NETHER_PVP - Can configure the Nether Pvp setting
askyblock.settings.PLACE_BLOCKS - Can configure the Place Blocks setting
askyblock.settings.PORTAL - Can configure the Portal setting
askyblock.settings.PRESSURE_PLATE - Can configure the Pressure Plate setting
askyblock.settings.PVP - Can configure the Pvp setting
askyblock.settings.REDSTONE - Can configure the Redstone setting
askyblock.settings.SPAWN_EGGS - Can configure the Spawn Eggs setting
askyblock.settings.SHEARING - Can configure the Shearing setting
askyblock.settings.VILLAGER_TRADING - Can configure the Villager Trading setting
askyblock.settings.VISITOR_ITEM_DROP - Can configure the Visitor Item Drop setting
askyblock.settings.VISITOR_ITEM_PICKUP - Can configure the Visitor Item Pickup setting
askyblock.settings.* - Ability to change settings in GUI
askyblock.mod.topten - Let a moderator update the top ten list
askyblock.mod.info - Let a moderator see info on a player
askyblock.mod.challenges - Let a moderator access challenge commands
askyblock.mod.noburn - Gives mod immunity to acid
askyblock.mod.resethome - Allows setting or reseting of a player's home position
askyblock.mod.clearreset - Allow clearing of island reset limit
askyblock.mod.tp - Allows teleport to an island
askyblock.mod.tpnether - Allows teleport to a nether island
askyblock.mod.bypassprotect - Allow moderator to bypass island protection
askyblock.mod.bypassexpel - Allow moderator to bypass island expulsion
askyblock.mod.setbiome - Allows setting player island biomes
askyblock.mod.topbreeders - Lists most populated islands current loaded
askyblock.mod.lock - Locks or unlocks an island
askyblock.mod.bypasslock - Bypasses an island lock
askyblock.mod.signadmin - Enables warp sign admin commands
askyblock.mod.spy - Spy on team chats
askyblock.mod.removesign - Gives ability to remove warp signs
askyblock.mod.team - Enables modification of teams via kick and add commands
askyblock.mod.name - Enables naming of player's islands
askyblock.mod.resetname - Enables reset of player's island names
askyblock.mod.setdeaths - Sets how many deaths the player has
askyblock.mod.* - No description given
askyblock.admin.clearresetall - Allow clearing of island reset limit of all players
askyblock.admin.reload - Reload the config.yml
askyblock.admin.delete - Let a player completely remove a player (including island)
askyblock.admin.deleteisland - Let a player completely remove the island the player is on
askyblock.admin.register - Let a player register the nearest island to another player.
askyblock.admin.unregister - Removes a player from an island without deleting the island blocks.
askyblock.admin.purge - Let a player purge old islands.
askyblock.admin.noburn - Gives admin immunity to acid
askyblock.admin.setspawn - Allows use of spawn tools
askyblock.admin.setrange - Allows setting of island protection range
askyblock.admin.topbreeders - Lists most populated islands current loaded
askyblock.admin.reserve - Reserves an empty spot for a player's next island
askyblock.admin.settingsreset - Resets all the islands to default protection settings
askyblock.admin.noban - Player cannot be banned from an island
askyblock.admin.cobblestats - Displays magic cobble gen stats
askyblock.admin.setlanguage - Resets all player languages and sets the default language
askyblock.admin.* - No description given
askyblock.* - No description given

----GameBox----
gamebox.* - Gives all permissions
gamebox.admin - Gives permission to use admin commands
gamebox.use - Allows the player to use /gamebox and the hub item
gamebox.shop - Allows the player to open the shop from the main menu
gamebox.play.* - Allows the player to play all games
gamebox.gamegui.* - Allows to open all game guis
gamebox.info - Allows the usage of the subcommand info
gamebox.help - Allows the usage of the subcommand help or ?

----GadgetsMenu----
gadgetsmenu.* - No description given
gadgetsmenu.cosmetics.* - No description given
gadgetsmenu.commands.* - Let a player to use all GadgetsMenu commands.
gadgetsmenu.bypassregion.* - Allows a player to use specified cosmetic in region which is disabled that cosmetic.
gadgetsmenu.mysteryboxes.open.* - Allows a player to open all mystery boxes.
gadgetsmenu.hats.* - Let a player to use all Hats.
gadgetsmenu.particles.* - Let a player to use all Particles.
gadgetsmenu.suits.frog.* - No description given
gadgetsmenu.suits.ninja.* - No description given
gadgetsmenu.suits.speedster.* - No description given
gadgetsmenu.suits.ghostly.* - No description given
gadgetsmenu.suits.disco.* - No description given
gadgetsmenu.suits.mermaid.* - No description given
gadgetsmenu.suits.spooderman.* - No description given
gadgetsmenu.suits.warrior.* - No description given
gadgetsmenu.suits.necromancer.* - No description given
gadgetsmenu.suits.thor.* - No description given
gadgetsmenu.suits.baker.* - No description given
gadgetsmenu.suits.bumblebee.* - No description given
gadgetsmenu.suits.plumber.* - No description given
gadgetsmenu.suits.icewalker.* - No description given
gadgetsmenu.suits.vampire.* - No description given
gadgetsmenu.suits.* - Let a player to use all Suits.
gadgetsmenu.gadgets.* - Let a player to use all gadgets.
gadgetsmenu.pets.cow.* - No description given
gadgetsmenu.pets.chicken.* - No description given
gadgetsmenu.pets.wolf.* - No description given
gadgetsmenu.pets.pig.* - No description given
gadgetsmenu.pets.silverfish.* - No description given
gadgetsmenu.pets.endermite.* - No description given
gadgetsmenu.pets.zombie.* - No description given
gadgetsmenu.pets.cat.* - No description given
gadgetsmenu.pets.rabbit.* - No description given
gadgetsmenu.pets.sheep.* - No description given
gadgetsmenu.pets.horse.* - No description given
gadgetsmenu.pets.villager.* - No description given
gadgetsmenu.pets.spider.* - No description given
gadgetsmenu.pets.skeleton.* - No description given
gadgetsmenu.pets.blaze.* - No description given
gadgetsmenu.pets.creeper.* - No description given
gadgetsmenu.pets.golem.* - No description given
gadgetsmenu.pets.* - Let a player to use all Pets.
gadgetsmenu.morphs.* - Let a player to use all Morphs.
gadgetsmenu.banners.* - Let a player to use all Banners.
gadgetsmenu.emotes.* - Let a player to use all Emotes.
gadgetsmenu.cloaks.* - Let a player to use all Emotes.

----ChestShop----
ChestShop.* - Gives access to all ChestShop permissions
ChestShop.shop.* - Gives access to all user ChestShop permissions
ChestShop.shop.create - Allows the user to create a shop that sells and buys any item
ChestShop.shop.create.buy - Allows the user to create a shop that sells any item
ChestShop.shop.create.sell - Allows the user to create a shop that buy any item
ChestShop.shop.create.(itemID) - Allows user to create a shop that sells item with itemID like in the permission node (replace (itemID) with NUMERICAL item ID)
ChestShop.shop.buy.(itemID) - Allows user to buy certain (itemID) from a shop (replace (itemID) with NUMERICAL item ID)
ChestShop.shop.sell.(itemID) - Allows user to sell certain (itemID) from a shop (replace (itemID) with NUMERICAL item ID)
ChestShop.shop.buy - Allows user to buy from a shop
ChestShop.shop.sell - Allows user to sell to a shop
ChestShop.nofee - User doesn't have to pay the shop creation fee.
ChestShop.toggle - Allows user to toggle messages.
ChestShop.admin - Allows user to modify/destroy other stores and create an Admin Shops
ChestShop.mod - Allows user only to view other store chests, he can't destroy them or create an Admin Shop
ChestShop.name.(some name) - Gives you the power to do create shops for (some name), for example your town.
ChestShop.shop.create.food - Allows to create a shop that sells food
ChestShop.shop.create.diamondgrade - Allows to create a shop that sells diamond gear
ChestShop.shop.create.irongrade - Allows to create a shop that sells iron gear
ChestShop.shop.create.goldgrade - Allows to create a shop that sells gold gear
ChestShop.shop.create.stonegrade - Allows to create a shop that sells stone tools and chain armor
ChestShop.shop.create.woodgrade - Allows to create a shop that sells wood tools and leather armor
ChestShop.shop.create.diamondarmor - Allows to create a shop that sells diamond armor
ChestShop.shop.create.diamondtools - Allows to create a shop that sells diamond tools
ChestShop.shop.create.goldarmor - Allows to create a shop that sells gold armor
ChestShop.shop.create.goldtools - Allows to create a shop that sells gold tools
ChestShop.shop.create.ironarmor - Allows to create a shop that sells iron armor
ChestShop.shop.create.irontools - Allows to create a shop that sells iron tools
ChestShop.shop.create.chainarmor - Allows to create a shop that sells chain armor
ChestShop.shop.create.stonetools - Allows to create a shop that sells stone tools
ChestShop.shop.create.leatherarmor - Allows to create a shop that sells leather armor
ChestShop.shop.create.woodtools - Allows to create a shop that sells wood tools
ChestShop.shop.create.bows - Allows to create a shop that sells bows & arrows
ChestShop.shop.create.misctools - Allows to create a shop that sells misc tools
ChestShop.shop.create.ore - Allows to create a shop that sells ores
ChestShop.shop.create.ingots - Allows to create a shop that sells ingots
ChestShop.shop.create.stairs - Allows to create a shop that sells stairs
ChestShop.shop.create.monsterdrops - Allows to create a shop that sells mob drops
ChestShop.shop.create.netherdrops - Allows to create a shop that sells nether drops
ChestShop.shop.create.plants - Allows to create a shop that sells plants
ChestShop.shop.create.redstone - No description given
ChestShop.shop.create.netherblocks - No description given
ChestShop.shop.create.misc - No description given
ChestShop.shop.create.steps - Allows to create a shop that sells steps
ChestShop.shop.create.brewing - Allows to create a shop that sells brewing materials
ChestShop.shop.create.basic - Allows to create a shop that sells basic blocks
ChestShop.shop.create.doors - No description given
ChestShop.shop.create.music - Allows to create a shop that sells music items
ChestShop.shop.create.vehicles - Allows to create a shop that sells vehicles
ChestShop.shop.create.wool - Allows to create a shop that sells wool and dye
ChestShop.shop.create.fence - Allows to create a shop that sells fence
ChestShop.shop.create.bench - Allows to create a shop that sells crafting blocks
ChestShop.shop.create.unobtainables - Allows to create a shop that sells unobtainable items

----DiscordSRV----
discordsrv.player - parent permission of player-related functions of DiscordSRV
discordsrv.admin - parent permission of admin-related functions of DiscordSRV
discordsrv.chat - whether or not the user is able to have their chat forwarded to Discord
discordsrv.silentjoin - whether or not to have join messages for players with this permission to be silenced
discordsrv.silentquit - whether or not to have quit messages for players with this permission to be silenced
discordsrv.help - whether or not the player is able to display command help for DiscordSRV
discordsrv.updatenotification - whether or not the player should be told if there's an update to DiscordSRV when joining
discordsrv.bcast - whether or not the player is able to broadcast messages to the main text channel of DiscordSRV
discordsrv.setpicture - whether or not the player is able to set the bot's avatar picture
discordsrv.reload - whether or not the player is able to reload DiscordSRV's configuration
discordsrv.debug - whether or not the player is able to run a debug report
discordsrv.link - whether or not the player is able to link their Minecraft account to their Discord account
discordsrv.unlink - whether or not the player is able to unlink their Minecraft account from their Discord account
discordsrv.unlink.others - whether or not the player is able to unlink other people's accounts
discordsrv.linked - whether or not the player is able to check what Discord account their Minecraft account is linked to
discordsrv.linked.others - whether or not the player is able to check what Discord account other Minecraft accounts are linked to

----AuthMe----
authme.admin.* - Give access to all admin commands.
authme.admin.register - Administrator command to register a new user.
authme.admin.unregister - Administrator command to unregister an existing user.
authme.admin.forcelogin - Administrator command to force-login an existing user.
authme.admin.changepassword - Administrator command to change the password of a user.
authme.admin.lastlogin - Administrator command to see the last login date and time of a user.
authme.admin.accounts - Administrator command to see all accounts associated with a user.
authme.admin.getemail - Administrator command to get the email address of a user, if set.
authme.admin.changemail - Administrator command to set or change the email address of a user.
authme.admin.getip - Administrator command to get the last known IP of a user.
authme.admin.spawn - Administrator command to teleport to the AuthMe spawn.
authme.admin.setspawn - Administrator command to set the AuthMe spawn.
authme.admin.firstspawn - Administrator command to teleport to the first AuthMe spawn.
authme.admin.setfirstspawn - Administrator command to set the first AuthMe spawn.
authme.admin.purge - Administrator command to purge old user data.
authme.admin.purgelastpos - Administrator command to purge the last position of a user.
authme.admin.purgebannedplayers - Administrator command to purge all data associated with banned players.
authme.admin.seeotheraccounts - Permission for user to see other accounts.
authme.admin.switchantibot - Administrator command to toggle the AntiBot protection status.
authme.admin.converter - Administrator command to convert old or other data to AuthMe data.
authme.admin.reload - Administrator command to reload the plugin configuration.
authme.player.* - Permission to use all player (non-admin) commands.
authme.player.email - Gives access to player email commands
authme.player.login - Command permission to login.
authme.player.logout - Command permission to logout.
authme.player.register - Command permission to register.
authme.player.unregister - Command permission to unregister.
authme.player.changepassword - Command permission to change the password.
authme.player.email.add - Command permission to add an email address.
authme.player.email.change - Command permission to change the email address.
authme.player.email.recover - Command permission to recover an account using it's email address.
authme.player.captcha - Command permission to use captcha.
authme.player.canbeforced - Permission for users a login can be forced to.
authme.vip - Allow vip slot when the server is full
authme.bypassantibot - Bypass the AntiBot check
authme.allowmultipleaccounts - Allow more accounts for same ip
authme.bypassforcesurvival - Bypass all ForceSurvival features

----CommandSigns----
commandsigns.* - Gives access to all CommandSigns commands
commandsigns.create.* - Gives access CommandSigns sign creation commands
commandsigns.save - Allows saving CommandSigns without reloading
commandsigns.reload - Reloads CommandSigns and all configuration
commandsigns.use.* - Gives access to CommandSigns sign use
commandsigns.create.regular - Allows you to create a regular CommandSign
commandsigns.create.super - Allows you to create a super CommandSign
commandsigns.create.redstone - Allows you to create redstone-activated signs
commandsigns.create.op - Allows you to create op-level CommandSigns
commandsigns.remove - Allows you to remove a CommandSign
commandsigns.use.regular - Allows you to use a regular CommandSign
commandsigns.use.super - Allows you to use a super CommandSign
commandsigns.group.* - Allows you to use all group commands
commandsigns.update - Shows this player CommandSigns updates and allows them to update
commandsigns.edit - Allows editing of CommandSigns

----Factions----
factions.kit.admin - All faction permissions.
factions.* - This is just an alias for factions.kit.admin
factions.kit.mod - All faction permissions but configuration and persistance.
factions.kit.halfmod - Zones, bypassing, kicking, and chatspy
factions.kit.fullplayer - Can also create new factions.
factions.kit.halfplayer - Can do all but create factions.
factions.admin - hand over your admin rights
factions.admin.any - give or revoke admin status for any player in any faction
factions.autoclaim - auto-claim land as you walk around
factions.bypass - enable admin bypass mode
factions.chat - change chat mode
factions.chatspy - enable admin chat spy mode
factions.claim - claim land where you are standing
factions.claim.radius - claim land in a large radius
factions.config - change a conf.json setting
factions.create - create a new faction
factions.deinvite - remove a pending invitation
factions.description - change the faction description
factions.disband - disband a faction
factions.disband.any - disband another faction
factions.dtr - set a factions dtr
factions.help - display a help page
factions.home - teleport to the faction home
factions.invite - invite a player to your faction
factions.join - join a faction
factions.join.any - join any faction, bypassing invitation process for closed factions
factions.join.others - specify another player in the join command, to move them to the specified faction
factions.kick - kick a player from the faction
factions.kick.any - kick anyone from any faction
factions.leave - leave your faction
factions.list - see a list of the factions
factions.lock - lock all write stuff
factions.managesafezone - claim land as a safe zone and build/destroy within safe zones
factions.managewarzone - claim land as a war zone and build/destroy within war zones
factions.map - show the territory map, and set optional auto update
factions.mod - give or revoke moderator rights
factions.mod.any - give or revoke moderator rights for any player in any faction
factions.money.balance - show your factions current money balance
factions.money.balance.any - show money balance for factions other than your own
factions.money.deposit - deposit money into a faction bank
factions.money.withdraw - withdraw money from your faction bank
factions.money.withdraw.any - withdraw money from your factions other than your own
factions.money.f2f - transfer money from faction to faction
factions.money.f2p - transfer money from faction to player
factions.money.p2f - transfer money from player to faction
factions.money.kit.standard - No description given
factions.money.* - No description given
factions.noboom - toggle explosions (peaceful factions only)
factions.open - switch if invitation is required to join
factions.owner - set ownership of claimed land
factions.ownerlist - list owner(s) of this claimed land
factions.ownershipbypass - bypass ownership restrictions within own faction's territory
factions.setpeaceful - designate a faction as peaceful
factions.setpermanent - designate a faction as permanent
factions.stuck - teleports player outside of a trap
factions.relation - set relation wish to another faction
factions.reload - reload data file(s) from disk
factions.save - save all data to disk
factions.sethome - set the faction home
factions.sethome.any - set faction home for another faction
factions.show - show faction information
factions.tag - change the faction tag
factions.thaw - thaw a dtr frozen faction
factions.title - set or remove a players title
factions.version - see the version of the plugin
factions.unclaim - unclaim the land where you are standing
factions.unclaimall - unclaim all of your factions land
factions.scoreboard - ability to toggle scoreboards
factions.showinvites - show pending invites to your faction
factions.seechunk - see the chunk you stand in
factions.setwarp - set a warp for your faction
factions.warp - access your faction warps
factions.monitorlogins - monitor join and leaves of faction members
factions.claim.line - claim in a line
factions.top - sort factions
factions.ahome - No description given

----PvPManager----
pvpmanager.* - Gives access to all PvPManager features
pvpmanager.admin - Gives access to PvPManager features
pvpmanager.user - Gives access to PvPManager features that i think would be appropriate for a user
pvpmanager.pvpstatus.nocooldown - No cooldown for pvp command
pvpmanager.pvpstatus.change - Allows you to change your PvP status between <on> and <off>
pvpmanager.reload - Allows you to reload PvPManager
pvpmanager.nocombat - Exempts a player from being tagged in combat
pvpmanager.nopvp - Players with this permission always have PvP disabled
pvpmanager.override - Players with this permission can use the PvPOverride command
pvpmanager.nodisable - Players with this permission don't get fly and gamemode disabled
pvpmanager.list - Allows access to the list of players with PvP enabled
pvpmanager.menu - Allows access to PvPManager help menu
pvpmanager.info.others - Allows access to PvPManager info command

----SensibleToolbox----
stb.admin - Grants all admin permissions for Sensible Toolbox
stb.access.any - Allow a block's access control settings to be ignored
stb.access.modify - Allow a block's access control settings to be changed
stb.friends.other - Allow viewing/modification of other players' friend data
stb.recipebook.freefab - Allow any item in the Recipe Book to be fabricated with no ingredient cost
stb.enderleash.captureany - Allow capturing of animals owned by other players
stb.enderaccess.creative - Allow players to access ender inventories in creative mode, even if config denies it
stb.commands.charge - Allow the SCU values for blocks/items to be modified with /stb charge
stb.commands.debug - Allow plugin debugging to be toggled with /stb debug
stb.commands.examine - Allow item data to be examined in detail with /stb debug
stb.commands.getcfg - Allows STB items & blocks to be obtained with /stb give
stb.commands.recipe - Allows recipes to be searched for by name with /stb recipe
stb.commands.rename - Allow animal captured in the Ender Leash to be renamed with /stb rename
stb.commands.rename.free - Allow animal renaming for no experience cost with /stb rename
stb.commands.save - Allow the plugin data to be force-saved with /stb save
stb.commands.setcfg - Allows the plugin configuration to be modified with /stb setcfg
stb.commands.show - Allows existing STB blocks to be listed and inspected with /stb show
stb.commands.friend - Allow friend information to be viewed/modified with /stb friend
stb.commands.unfriend - Allow friends to be removed with /stb unfriend
stb.commands.validate - Allow STB block data to be validated/fixed with /stb validate

----SilkSpawners----
silkspawners.* - No description given
silkspawners.info - Allows you to see informative messages about the spawners as you place and break them
silkspawners.viewtype - Allows you to view the spawner type using /spawner
silkspawners.reload - Allows you to reload the plugin
silkspawners.explodedrop - Allows you to receive drops on explosion
silkspawners.help - Allows you to see the help menu

----InfoBoardReborn----
InfoBoard.* - No description given
InfoBoard.View - No description given